Remove WildFly distribution from documentation (#1666)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: server_admin/topics/authentication/webauthn.adoc

==== Attestation statement verification

> When registering a WebAuthn authenticator, {project_name} verifies the trustworthiness of the attestation statement generated by the WebAuthn authenticator. {project_name} requires the trust anchor's certificates for this. {project_name} uses the truststore, so you must import these certificates into it in advance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When registering a WebAuthn authenticator, {project_name} verifies the trustworthiness of the attestation statement generated by the WebAuthn authenticator. {project_name} requires the trust anchor's certificates imported into the [truststore](https://www.keycloak.org/server/keycloak-truststore).
```
